2026 VSSL pro tips. There are a few new
ones. We have an incredible video on
this channel dedicated to VSSL creation
mastery. Definitely check that out. In
this particular video, I'm going to give
you what's been working best right now
that all our clients, inner circle
members, and students are using to
maximize VSSL play rates, VSSL
engagement rates, which means the
average amount of time somebody's
actually going to consume it. And of
course, little pro tips like, do you
withhold a button or not until a certain
time in the pitch? All that will be
covered in today's video. Welcome in to
the channel if you're new. All we talk
about around here is cracking
million-dollar months. Whether it's the
first million a month or the next
million a month around here. All we do
is hand down lessons from people that
have been there, done that. So, you're
in the right place if that's what you're
looking for. However, there are no
earnings claims. There is no income
potential in watching a YouTube video,
buddy. All this is is me just handing
down some lessons from people that have
been there, done that. If you have any
expectation of any kind of earnings from
watching this video, you can get [__]
because there is a 0.1% probability
according to the US Bureau of Labor
Statistics that you're going to hit $10
million a year. Let alone the even
smaller probability than that you would
ever hit million-doll months. And the
even smaller probability than that you
would ever do a couple million dollar a
month. And you're no special snowflake.
You have a high probability to be within
those categories of people who are not
going to do it. So again, these are just
lessons. I'm just trying to hand down
some stuff to you to help you out. And
anyway, welcome back to the channel. If
you're already a subscriber, it's a
pleasure to have you. Without further
ado, let's dive in. So, the first thing
I want to talk about is structure. One
thing that has specifically been proven
for structure is a little pro tip where
we call the summary section. So ideally
in the first 60 to 90 seconds, if you
treated that period of time like it
needed to be everything that's covered
throughout the entire VSSL but said in
just this tiny little window right here,
that's what you would do in the first 60
to 90 seconds. Most people open up their
VSSLs with stuff that are either
considered hooks or some people just dip
right into it. Um, in certain instances,
like if you guys check out my link down
in the description for my Jeremy's Inner
Circle program, there's a VSSL on that
page currently that says the price, like
literally just straight away, and then I
jump into everything that people want to
know in that first 60 to 90 seconds. As
an example of this, it is an incredible
pro tip. It works in a very effective
way because here's how human beings
actually behave, which some of you get
quite frustrated by, but it's the
reality of the situation. When people go
to watch anything on your page, what
they're looking for is their own
efficiency and energy conservation. They
want to be able to get to the point of
concluding whether it's for them or not
and whether they want to take an action
or not in as little time invested as
possible. They don't give a [__] about
you at all. They don't care about
watching your whole video like you care
about them watching it. It's the exact
opposite. They're competing incentives.
What they actually care about, just to
be clear, is efficiency and energy
conservation. That means that if you can
effectively articulate yourself, kind of
like the tweet version of what you
otherwise might say in an expanded
newsletter, you want to be able to say
everything that needs to be said in the
first 60 to 90 seconds of the video. And
then from there, you can expand on each
one of those points for the rest of your
VSSL. It's an incredible pro tip and it
works highly effectively. One other
thing that you want to do when you look
at your VSSL, and this is still an
incredible tip, are the little chapters
that you can add. So, in all video
players nowadays, you have the
opportunity to add those little options.
Kind of like here on this very YouTube
video where it says here's what's
covered here, here, here, here, here.
That way when someone wants to skip
around, they can just hover their mouse
or hover their finger and scrub to that
specific section because again, nobody
actually wants to watch it in its
entirety like you may want them to,
there's a much higher quantity of people
who are going to want to go through that
information in a way that they prefer to
go through it through. As an example,
some of you may have already skipped
this very section and been on to the
next section, but you wouldn't even hear
me say this. So, nonetheless, a great
example of it. Okay, so video chaptering
is technically what this one's called.
And video chaptering is a phenomenal tip
in order to help with retention, in
order to help with consumption, because
again, when someone's done consuming
whatever it is that you're saying,
they're just going to move on to the
next thing anyway. Okay, another
incredible pro tip. So, do you withhold
the button? This has been an ongoing
battle amongst all marketers for a long
time. Meaning, do you want to be in a
position where that button to apply or
to do whatever the action is shows up as
soon as the person hits the page or
should there be a delay on this until a
certain threshold of the VSSL? Some of
you also from the same concept of
withholding the button, should you show
the video playar, meaning do you want to
actually reveal the opportunity for
somebody to scrub through the video at
the video chaptering? And I will say in
certain instances both of these options
can make sense not to do. So if you want
to argue both sides, which I will for
you, so you can make a decision based on
what may work best for you. Here's how
most people make the decision. When you
consider withholding a button, it's
because the people that are coming
through your call funnel that has a VSSL
on that page where they're applying or
scheduling, a lot of people just aren't
watching it. And so you start to grow
frustrated and you think to yourself,
before I make any other change, I'm just
going to make the one single change of
waiting for my VSSL apply button to show
up on the page. So you put a time delay
on it. And some of you, you test for a
minute or 2 minutes. Others have very
long VSSLs and they won't even have the
button show up until like 20 or 30
minutes of being onto the page. Now,
what really determines this decision is
your bank account. So, if you have the
financial means to dramatically inflate
your cost per call in the short term
while you start to accumulate new data
onto that pixel to help the pixel go
after more people who are probable to
actually watch and then take the action,
then you could technically pull that
action off. Sometimes you see immediate
benefit from doing it. A lot of the
times you don't. A lot of the times when
you initially take that action, you're
going to dramatically reduce the
quantity of people that are scheduling.
you're going to dramatically inflate
your cost per qualified call. In
addition to that, and this is also
something really important to consider,
you are also going to limit the quantity
of people converting that get sent back
to that pixel. That becomes problematic
because then you start to break pixel
conditioning best practices. One thing
that really matters right now in 2026 is
getting out of learning mode.
Historically, this has mattered and then
in other periods of history, it hasn't
mattered at all to have to exit learning
phase. We have campaigns that are in
learning limited that still absolutely
rip. But what we see time and time again
right now is exiting that learning phase
makes a huge difference to the
performance of a campaign. So if you
don't get enough data back and there
really is no static answer. That's
always the question that comes up is oh
should I like 50 in a week used to be
the static answer that was thrown
around. I mean sure that may do it but
it could be like five people is all
that's needed. You know it's a very like
dynamic answer nowadays. I've seen it to
where it's required to have hundreds of
people unfortunately although rare. But
anyway, point I'm trying to make, you
have to get enough data back to exit
learning phase to really have a lot
better performance. Now, if you can get
that data back because you're operating
at a large enough scale to be able to do
so, that's [__] awesome, right? What
that's going to enable you to do, and
this is really important you understand
this, it's going to enable you to have a
lot of the right people who are actively
consuming a lot of the VSSL and then
applying, which likely increases intent
dramatically. Imagine following pixel
conditioning best practices, but you do
so in a way that improves the intent of
the leads cuz you're only sending back
high intent leads to that pixel results
column in the first place. By the way,
if you want an entire video dedicated
just to pixel conditioning best
practices, we have one on this channel,
of course, cuz we got your back. Go
check that video out after this one cuz
I still got a few more tips to throw
your way. Okay, back to my point.
Withholding the button can be beneficial
if you can endure that process. Okay,
it's not necessary. It's also contingent
on your sales team skills. So, if your
sales team sucks ass and they are
requiring you to make sure people watch
content prior to showing up, you're
going to have to do that. You may even
switch funnels to something like a
webinar or some type of content first ad
strategy that we teach. There's all
kinds of alternatives, but if you're
going to run a BSL call funnel, your
salespeople, if they require somebody to
have watched content prior to talking to
them, that could also justify
withholding the application button.
Something to consider. Now, if you've
got a set of [__] dogs in that sales
team, they don't give a [__] if people
watch the full video. They're going to
nurture them and be able to close them
regardless, then by all means, I don't
think that withholding the button needs
to happen or makes a lot of sense. Um,
in addition to that, the other thing
that you could argue here for why it
wouldn't make any sense to withhold the
apply button is because you are going to
have a lower quantity of people that
come in and you might have a sales team
that is currently demanding of you to
fluff their calendars up with as much
[__] as you can, even if they're not the
most qualified people. So, there's all
kinds of little things that can make
this decision and whichever one feels
most appropriate for you, I would lean
into. Now, to be clear, showing the
video play is a whole different
argument. So, when you actually look at
a video itself and you have that little
tiny bar at the bottom that shows how
far along a person is in the video and
obviously would give people the
opportunity to scrub through the video
if it was available and was visible.
That's another argument that a lot of
people make, doing or not doing. Now,
for this one, it's more majority of
people are showing the play bar and
they're doing the video chaptering thing
and seeing a lot of benefit in that.
However, here's a really easy answer. If
you're going to withhold the apply now
button, you might as well also withhold
the play bar because it's not going to
make much sense if somebody scrubs
through the entire video in a shorter
duration of time and feels ready to take
action and then there's nothing to take
action on because the time threshold to
show the button didn't pass yet.
Something to consider. That's really the
only thing that kind of makes that
decision. You would think that
withholding the play bar may be
beneficial even if you have the button
visible, but believe it or not, that
would actually lower the intent because
as soon as somebody gets annoyed and is
just like, "Oh, I, you know, feel like I
already understood this part. I want to
skip along." You're forcing them to
watch through it anyway. So, you attract
usually a lower quality person when you
do that kind of stuff to people, which
is also something very important to
consider. Now, let's talk about
maximizing your play rate, which is the
amount of people that hit the page and
actually press play. Okay, one of the
most important things that we learned
time and time again inside of 2025 and
through this first part of 2026 is video
thumbnails still absolutely rip. We like
Wistia, we like Vidalytics for this.
There's not a lot of other players that
are actively being used. We stay away
from YouTube. We stay away from Vimeo.
We stay away from alternatives. We just
again, Wistia and Vidalytics are the two
top dogs. Um, video thumbnails are a
great engaging way to be able to
demonstrate a specific point in the
video that somebody may care about. As
an example, if you go to any one of my
pages, right? Like, let's use the
example. You click on the link down in
the description for Jeremy's inner
circle where we do our twice a month
one-on-one calls, our weekly group
calls, our quarterly inerson
masterminds, our very active group chat,
a ton of video trainings, a lot of
access to very highlevel people who can
also help beyond just myself, the
ability to DM me, unlimited access to
Jeremy AI. There's a lot of great rich
people trying to get richer in that
group, and we'd love to welcome you in
if you're a good fit. But if you click
the link down in the description for
that particular page, what you'll see is
my video thumbnail demonstrates what
specifically people are most probable to
care about when they hit the page. What
would they want to know? And as a result
of that, it invites them in to watch the
video. And you'll also notice if you
click the link to go to that page, we
isolate the assets on the page to where
there's a high probability somebody to
get the information they want knows they
need to watch the video to get it. This
is very important that you understand
this. If you put too much information on
the page, again, people bias towards
their energy conservation and
efficiency. They're rather just going to
scroll the page, determine whether it
was for them or not, and then leave or
take the action. So, you're actually
going to negate people from watching the
VSSL if you put too much information on
the page. We still to this day follow
headline, VSSL, and application embedded
right onto the page or the button when
we are running VSSL call funnels like
this. Okay? And even if you're running
just a VSSL in general, this may still
apply. If you want more people to watch
the video, put less things on the page
and make the focal point of the page the
video itself for the clear way to get
the information the person's looking
for. Because at the end of the day,
that's what the VSSL is. It's a curated
presentation where you've organized
information in a particular flow with
call to actions and strategic
information to help validate your claims
and provide certainty to people watching
it. So therefore, if you want people to
watch it, again, there has to be an
incentive to do so. It's a high effort
thing to do if you think about it. So,
as a result of that, that BSL, that
video thumbnail that shows there has to
be something that people actually give a
[__] about. That little couple seconds
you get, whether it be 5 seconds or 10
seconds. Again, ideally, pick a section
of the video or just make a whole
separate little video thumbnail for it
by itself that shows that information
that people care about. If you are going
to use an image for the thumbnail
instead, and this could be justified due
to page speed optimization, video
thumbnail will slow the page speed down
a little bit. So, if you do use an
image, it's the same kind of concept. It
should be something that invites people
to watch the video by demonstrating what
that video covers. And what the video
covers that you flex should be stuff
that the users actually give a [__]
about. Something very important to
consider. Now, when you're looking to
get the actual engagement rate of the
video up, there's a bunch of pro tips
with this one. Keep in mind, engagement
rate represents how much on average is
somebody consuming of what's available
in the VSSL. So, as an example, if it's
a 10-minute VSSL and somebody watches 3
minutes of it on average, no matter
which 3 minutes it is, you'd average a
30% engagement rate in that example. If
somebody watched 9 minutes of your
10-minute VSSL, that would represent a
90% engagement rate. Just for clarity in
this statistic, the higher the
engagement rate, typically the higher
the intent of the leads, but believe it
or not, and this might be a little bit
contradicting to a degree. When you have
a high play rate and you have a really
high engagement rate, believe it or not,
the high play rate represents a good
thing, but the high engagement rate can
represent a bad thing. It means that
people are either super hooked on what
you're saying, which would be the good
side of things, and they really want to
know all of what you're talking about.
Or it could mean that they are highly
interested, but are having a hard time
understanding what you can actually do
for them and how it works. And so, as a
result of that, they have to watch more
of the video. And I know that kind of
sounds counterintuitive because
technically you'd think, I want the
highest engagement rate possible. But
again, just to be clear, if you are
highly effective at articulating
yourself in ways that prompt action and
make people feel the certainty that you
want them to feel to take that action in
a way where they're also qualified, you
can get your point across in fewer words
and still have that effectiveness that
you're looking for. That's something
very important to consider. Obviously,
when it comes to engagement rate in the
day and age that we're in, typically a
nice edited video goes far. You can get
away with jump cuts and just captions,
no doubt. But if you edit it kind of
like how you see my YouTube videos
edited, where there's some visual edits
that are factored in in addition to
captions and jump cuts, there's music
occasionally or sound effects or little
like moments where there's memes. Those
kind of things can help with retention
because and let's be honest, this day
and age, people's brains are fried for
the most part with the amount of things
that they can pay attention to in a day.
So to be able to hold their attention
for the average length of your VSSL, you
really got to go far nowadays to do it
well. And it doesn't have to be anything
crazy. Again, use my YouTube videos as
an example if you want to hand them off
to your editors and also just go look at
some of my VSSLs that I've done on my
pages that you can find examples of down
in the description of this very video.
One other very important thing to
consider with the engagement rate, and a
lot of people really mess this up, it's
the basics of just talking and
communication. Your tonality, the words
you say, all the messaging feeling
congruent from the ad that got them
there or the organic video that got them
there. the congruency, the messaging,
tonality, just authority that you
communicate with, storyline of the whole
VSSL. Like there's obviously all kinds
of pro tips like this, but we save all
those kinds of pro tips for my paid
programs. I will be fair in saying
though, there's an incredible free video
on this channel. I mentioned it towards
the very beginning. It's our VSSL
mastery video where we cover part of a
very long thorough SOP that we give to
our inner circle members and master
internet marketing students. If you want
the real sauce, of course, check out the
links down in the description and take
action on buying from us. Okay, I'm
going to close it out with this for you
because this is also a very important
consideration, which is what should the
length be nowadays? Length is very
important. Pause. I'll tell you this
though, and this is something very
important to consider. We've seen as
short as 2 to 5 minutes absolutely rip
with rich people specifically. Okay? The
shorter the VSSL and the more direct you
are and the more concentrated
information you can get off in a short
duration of time, the better offer you
usually are with a richer demographic.
We've seen VSSLs, and this might seem
audacious, I know, that are upwards of
an hour long that are going towards the
general public comparatively, okay? Like
we have a client right now, he uses a
literal podcast, like unedited, just
intro and all like rough cuts. The
general public responds really well to
longer content. The general public
generally responds really well if you're
going to withhold a button because
you're having quality issues. Rich
people comparatively, this really does
determine this decision. They prefer
shorter VSSLs. And if you're going to do
a longer VSSL and it's for rich people,
do the summary tip that I taught you at
the very beginning of this video where
you summarize everything in 60 to 90
seconds and then you elaborate further
on it through the remaining part of the
video. That way, it's efficient for them
and they can make the decision at any
point they feel certain enough to do so.
Again, I know 10 minutes to an hour long
is a super wide range. And you might
even be asking yourself, well, what's
like the true average of that right now?
What would that equate to? And I'll tell
you, it's all over the place currently.
Generally, it falls somewhere between
about 10 and 20 minutes. And the styles
have also changed a bit. There's a few
people now who do a style where they
have like a Google doc or some kind of
like slide deck on the left and then
they are like the talking head on the
right hand side of the screen and
they're like looking over and kind of
reading the Google doc. That's one style
that's worked well. Obviously, like
classic talking head content like how
you see me here. This has also worked
well for a long time and it still is
very effective. Another incredible way
to do VSSLs if you're a little more shy
and don't necessarily want to be on
camera is just slides, you know, and
essentially just a screen recording with
a voice over. This combo is tried and
true and also works really well. Uh I
can't stress this enough. There's not
really one or the other that's currently
working best. It's honestly a pretty
even mix between the three of these.
Again, there's not necessarily one that
dominates the other. In either scenario,
whether it's any one of these particular
styles, 10 to 20 minutes is usually the
norm. Are there people who go well
beyond that? Yeah. Are there minorities
that do things like the podcast example
that I provided to you? Yeah. But again,
it's all over the place. So, you can
test all kinds of stuff. And I think the
point I'm trying to make here is it's
all kinds of things that work and then
you can get away with testing all kinds
of different things to see some success
yourself. VSSLs are still [__]
awesome. Whether it's on a low ticket to
high ticket page, whether it's the focal
point of the page in a call funnel, uh
whether it's something that you're
looking to use on the back end of
something and you're trying to get
people to take an action later on, VSSLs
are one of the most important skill sets
that you can master in this day and age
and especially in 2026 onward. We have
incredibly in-depth SOPs. I'll give you
a little preview so you can check it
out, but we're going to blur it out. I'm
just trying to show you the length of it
so you can really see it in its
entirety. This mastering VSSL's SOP has
examples of VSSLs for affluent
demographics for general populations,
has slide decks that you can use for
formatting and templates. There's all
kinds of great information. In addition
to that, we have, I think, at least
three or four different very in-depth
training videos on VSSLs. Um, inside of
all my paid programs, whether it be
Jeremy's inner circle or even Master
Internet Marketing, they they cross in
this case. Um, the training is shared
amongst both for this specific set of
lessons. I can't stress enough the
importance of understanding this.
There's a lot of people out there who
will essentially give away everything
that they know on YouTube and then it's
essentially a letdown when you get into
their paid programs. I am not that way.
I do not [__] you at all when I tell
you that I withhold about 80 to 90% of
what I know here on YouTube. I give you
more than enough to be able to go out
there and get some results and see that
I am not full of [__] and that I can
help you in your journey of getting
richer. But again, I can't stress enough
the importance of you understanding
this. My paid program is where the true
sauce is. And when you're inevitably
ready after you finally take action on
all this and get some results with it
for free and you accumulate some house
money, please understand with the utmost
confidence and certainty how much better
the results that you can get will be
when you start the process of enduring
one of my paid offers. I look forward to
that day. And in the meantime, I look
forward to helping you regardless.
Subscribe to my channel if you haven't
done so already. Check out some of my
other videos and go get richer. Toxin.